#summary How to use CMS Explorer

= Introduction =
At minimum, you must specify the URL to the "root" of the CMS and the type of CMS being tested. The "root" is the base level URL where the CMS is installed. For example, with Wordpress the root level contains the wp-content/ and wp-admin/ directories, among others.

If you specify an incorrect root level, CMS explorer will continue to run but the results will not be as expected.


= Requirements =
 * PERL 5.x
 * Getopt::Long
 * [http://www.wiretrip.net/rfp/lw.asp LibWhisker2] (included)


= Option List =
||-bsproxyhost+||Bootstrap proxy host/ip to route findings through||
||-bsproxyport+||Bootstrap proxy port for routed requests (default 8080)||
||-explore||Look for files in the theme/plugin dir||
||-plugins||Look for plugins (default: on)||
||-pluginfile+||Plugin file list||
||-proxyhost+ ||Proxy host/ip for requests||
||-proxyport+||Proxy port for requests (default 8080)||
||-themes||Look for themes (default: on)||
||-themefile+||Theme file list (default: themes.txt)||
||-type$+||CMS type: Drupal, Wordpress, Joomla, Mambo||
||-update||Update lists from Wordpress/Drupal (over-writes text files)||
||-url$+||Full url to app's base directory||
||-verbosity+ ||1-3||
||+ Option requires a value||
||$ Option is required||


= Options Explained =
 * *bsproxyhost* (requires value): The proxy host/ip to route any found files through.
 * *bsproxyport* (requires value): The proxy port to route any found files through. Defaults to 8080.
 * *explore*: Look for additional theme/plugin files. Only supported for Drupal and Wordpress.
 * *plugins*: Look for plugins/module/component files. By default this is enabled and both plugins and themes will be checked.
 * *pluginfile+* (requires value): Alternative plugin file list.
 * *proxyhost+* (requires value): Proxy host/ip for base requests.
 * *proxyport+* (requires value): Proxy port for base requests. Default is port 8080).
 * *themes* (requires value): Look for themes. By default this is enabled and both plugins and themes will be checked.
 * *themefile+* (requires value): Alternative theme file list.
 * *type+* (required, requires value): The CMS type to be tested: Drupal, Wordpress, Joomla/Mambo.
 * *update*: Update the default lists from Wordpress and Drupal. This over-writes the current files with fresh copies.
 * *url+* (required, requires value): Full URL to application's root directory (where the CMS is installed)
 * *-verbosity+* (requires value): 1-3 in increasing levels of output.


= Examples =

Test for Wordpress plugins and themes against example.com, with low verbosity and explore for additional files. Route all "found" items using the bootstrap proxy running on port 8080 of localhost.

  {{{perl cms-explorer.pl -url http://example.com/ -v 1 -bsproxyhost localhost -explore -type wordpress}}}

Test for Wordpress themes on example.com using themelist.txt, with full verbosity and explore using the bootstrap proxy on port 8080 of .localhost.

  {{{perl cms-explorer.pl -url http://example.com/ -v 3 -bsproxyhost localhost -explore -themes -themefile themelist.txt -type wordpress}}}

Test for Drupal plugins/themes on example.com, with normal verbosity and no exploration.

  {{{perl cms-explorer.pl -url http://example.com/ -type drupal}}}

Test for Mambo (or Joomla) components/modules and templates.

  {{{perl wp-explorer.pl -url http://example.com/ -type joomla}}}
